hello everyone you will not believe this
you will not believe this I actually
have something positive to say in a
quickie for today oh I know call the
press okay
NYX Studio Liners I'm in love with these
I have one two three if I can count five
of them my favorite one of these is the
brown one it is in extreme coffee it has
a little burr Anzhi on which is
different than a pencil Brown so if you
want a little bit of a shimmer on your
lash line this is gonna be the one for
you love this the only bust of these is
the extreme pink one it is creepy
looking it looks exactly like this on
your eye
it is weird I didn't know what I was
thinking buying this I guess pink I was
like oh that pink pink one I like pink
but this color it looks weird on
people's eyeballs I don't know it's just
strange I don't know I don't like that
one okay but these are cool like these
two are super super bright these are for
like going to like an 80s themed party
maybe or summertime I do really like
these but they're for extreme looks only
and they are in aptly named extreme
sapphire and extreme green and this is
this is one also that you might want to
watch out for on the extreme purple
because they're not very original and
naming their eyeliners obviously but
this one is so dark of a color you can't
really see that it's purple unless you'd
like get right up on it and and look at
it so expect that if you get this one
but yet highly recommend the Knicks to
do eyeliners go get them if you are in
the market for liquid eyeliner I hope
you enjoyed that down and dirty review
please make sure you check out my
facebook at facebook.com slash Jen loves
reviews Mad Love and I will see you in
the next video